hey David uh I have a question that
might be somewhat personal personal but
have a lot of implications in a lot of
people's lives and I know luly's talked
about this uh so it revolves around just
uh romantic relationships personal
relationships uh and the whole the
economy of genes versus meebs uh we need
Society to procreate now we don't have
uh you know we don't live in infinite
life we know immortality is uh
possible in some sense
but I guess there is a sense of like we
want to create these best the best memes
that we can we want to create best the
best explanations that we have in our
lives but
uh how do you think about that in terms
of children and education whether or not
to to have a family or be in a
relationship or just work on uh you know
things like Constructor Theory and AGI
and life extension or biotech or
uh just really curious to see how you
think about all those ideas
uh I I don't think it's a good idea to
to uh
they try and save the world in the in
the sense of
um
subordinating one's own uh values to
what one thinks the world's values are
so maybe the world needs a larger
population
um I I my guess is that it does the the
in other words that would be a good
thing
um that that the world as a whole would
Thrive better if it had more people in
it
but to and other people of course think
that that the world would Thrive better
if it had fewer people in it uh I think
in both cases it's it's it's a bad idea
to subordinate one's own life to that
objective
um I I I I don't think it's even for
example
a good idea in my own life to try to
publicize my own ideas I do it to some
extent but I don't subordinate it to to
the fun of actually
um trying to solve problems and some of
the problems are only of interest to me
and some are interest to me and like
half a dozen other people in the world
and some are interested of interest to
more people but but the way I would
choose what to do
is
uh try to meet my own values and to the
extent that my own values include
having
preferences about how the world is
then
um
then the the meeting my values would
include trying to make the world better
but but trying to make the world better
as
an overarching principle for how to make
personal decisions I think is a mistake
I don't know if that's your question
yeah I guess that's that that answers a
little bit of it and then it's just like
uh being young a big part of culture in
general and Society is just finding
uh you know a significant other or
partner and there's the whole debate
against uh polyamory and uh or to have a
committed monogamous relationship and uh
that is uh you know it drives a lot of
culture
yeah well different people find answers
in different ways and they they have
extremely diff different problem
situations
and I guess it from the context of the
beginning of Infinity of
like what was actually useful it was
useful to make more people and to do
that people create uh had families to do
that in a kind of divide and conquer
kind of sense whether they knew it or
not right people kind of uh when they
team up they can do they're more than
the sum of their parts
yes although they're they're uh there
are many ways of teaming up and each of
them has has better and worse ways of
doing it
yeah so you know you you form a society
you form friends uh you form families
and all of those can involve uh mistakes
in how to do it and uh and we've we've
got here
um by by people making progress with
that but but you know for most of
History they didn't make progress
um